Add json payload handling, adjust some sentences, fix lint errors (#62)
AdobeDocs/experience-manager-apis: src/pages/guides/how-to/index.md

### Introduction

> AEM as a Cloud Service offers a variety of APIs that adhere to the [OpenAPI Specification](https://swagger.io/specification/v2/) (version 2).

Reviewer: The new APIs are OpenAPI 3.0.3. Should we rather link to https://spec.openapis.org/oas/v3.0.3?

Author: Good point, I changed the link

Pass the token as the value of the Authorization header as follows:

`curl -H "Authorization: Bearer <access_token>" <https://<endpoint_url>`

### JSON Payloads

Clients receiving JSON payload must be forgiving when processing the payload and not fail on additional properties that might not be declared in the schema the client is using. On the other hand clients must be strict when sending a JSON document as part of a request. The document must conform to the used schema.

### Collections: Pagination and sorting

Usually an API will support a **limit** query parameter to indicate the desired number of results to return. Documentation will state the default limit and any minimum or maximum values.

> If there are more resources in the collection than returend, the output result will include a parameter named **cursor**, which can be used in the LIST API call to retrieve the next set of resources in the collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are more resources in the collection than returned, the output result will include a **cursor** property. The cursor's value can then be used in a subsequent LIST API call to retrieve the next set of resources in the collection, by passing the returned value to the **cursor** query parameter.
```
